docs/readme.md, before:

# Lottery Licence Manager Documentation

**Thank you for taking the time to read the documentation.**

[Live Documentation Site on GitHub](https://cityssm.github.io/lottery-licence-manager/)


## User Documentation

[Organizations](organizations.md)<br />
What are organizations?
How do I search organization records?
How do I maintain organization records?

[Lottery Licences](licences.md)<br />
How do I search lottery licence records?
How do I maintain lottery licences?

[Lottery Events](events.md)<br />
What are lottery events?
How do I find lottery event records?
How do I report on lottery events?


## Administrator Documentation

[Getting Started](admin-gettingStarted.md)<br />
How to setup and start the application for the first time.

[config.js file](admin-configJS.md)<br />
How to use the configuration file to customize the application.

[Logging into a New Install](admin-login.md)<br />
How to activate the default admin user to access the application for the first time.

[Administrator Tools - Application Settings](admin-applicationSettings.md)<br />
Tweak some additional settings.

[Administrator Tools - User Management](admin-userManagement.md)<br />
How to add, update, and remove user accounts.

Commit message:

location documentation and related polish
- location names now required for ticket manufacturers and distributors
- postal codes no longer required on locations
- licence tabs on the location view now have licence counts even when 0 to keep things level

docs/readme.md, after:

# Lottery Licence Manager Documentation

**Thank you for taking the time to read the documentation.**

[Live Documentation Site on GitHub](https://cityssm.github.io/lottery-licence-manager/)


## User Documentation

[Organizations](organizations.md)<br />
What are organizations?
How do I search organization records?
How do I maintain organization records?

[Lottery Licences](licences.md)<br />
How do I search lottery licence records?
How do I maintain lottery licences?

[Lottery Events](events.md)<br />
What are lottery events?
How do I find lottery event records?
How do I report on lottery events?

[Locations](locations.md)<br />
What are location records?
What are they used for?
How do I find location records?
How do I maintain location records?


## Administrator Documentation

[Getting Started](admin-gettingStarted.md)<br />
How to setup and start the application for the first time.

[config.js file](admin-configJS.md)<br />
How to use the configuration file to customize the application.

[Logging into a New Install](admin-login.md)<br />
How to activate the default admin user to access the application for the first time.

[Administrator Tools - Application Settings](admin-applicationSettings.md)<br />
Tweak some additional settings.

[Administrator Tools - User Management](admin-userManagement.md)<br />
How to add, update, and remove user accounts.
